image_name.jpg
NAME
TITLE
DESCRIPTION Anim pariatur cliche reprehenderit, enim eiusmod high life accusamus terry richardson ad squid. 3 wolf moon officia aute, non cupidatat skateboard dolor brunch. Food truck quinoa nesciunt laborum eiusmod. Brunch 3 wolf moon tempor, sunt aliqua put a bird on it squid single-origin coffee nulla assumenda shoreditch et. Nihil anim keffiyeh helvetica, craft beer labore wes anderson cred nesciunt sapiente ea proident. Ad vegan excepteur butcher vice lomo. Leggings occaecat craft beer farm-to-table, raw denim aesthetic synth nesciunt you probably haven't heard of them accusamus labore sustainable VHS.

%
ciddi.jpg
Sinan Ciddi - Georgetown University
Uncertainties following the Arab Spring: Considering Turkey as a Model
Ciddi examines Turkey as a model for countries coming out of the Arab Spring.

%
pavey.jpg
Safak Pavey
Participating in Politics in the Middle East as a Disabled Woman
Pavey shares her experiences working on UN humanitarian missions and in the Turkish parliament.

%
hanioglu.jpg
Sükrü Hanioglu - Princeton University
Atatürk: An Intellectual Biography
Hanioglu, Princeton University, discusses Atatürk's intellectual life in the contex of the turbulent age in which he lived.

%
kuran.jpg
Timur Kuran - Duke University
Economic and Political Underdevelopment in the Middle East: The Role of Islamic Law
Timur Kuran, Duke University, provides an explanation of why the economy of the Middle East fell behind that of Europe.

%
white.jpg
Jenny White - Boston University
On Turkey and Her Latest Novel The Winter Thief
Jenny White, Boston University, talks about her latest novel and its setting: Istanbul.

%
aliriza.jpg
Bulent Aliriza
Turkey’s Changing Foreign and Energy Policy Priorities
Bulent Aliriza, Center for Strategic and International Studies, discusses Turkey's foreign policy and trade strategy.

%
freely.jpg
Maureen Freely 
Translating Turkey
Maureen Freely, author and translator of Nobel laureate Orhan Pamuk, discusses writing about Turkey for an Anglophone audience and conveying the Turkey she loves at a time when the political story is often dark and ominous.